Fixed #27452 - Added SerialField. (#18280)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

:mod:`django.contrib.postgres`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.fields.SerialField`,
>   :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.fields.BigSerialField` and
>   :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.fields.SmallSerialField` are added
>   corresponding to their respective PostgreSQL database types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new fields :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.fields.SerialField`,
  :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.fields.BigSerialField` and
  :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.fields.SmallSerialField` are automatically
  incrementing integer fields that use the PostgreSQL ``serial`` type. These
  are similar to :class:`~django.db.models.AutoField` except that they do not
  have to be a primary key, and are not limited to a single instance per model.
```

>   corresponding to their respective PostgreSQL database types.

Reviewer: @nessita do you think we should promote this a headline feature?

(nit: we will change this to present tense but want to check where we should put it first)

Reviewer: On reflection, let's leave it for now. I know you have bigger things planned and we can always promote it later 👍
